# packages in environment at /path/to/conda/envs/blastn:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
_libgcc_mutex             0.1                 conda_forge    conda-forge
_openmp_mutex             4.5                       2_gnu    conda-forge
blast                     2.13.0               hf3cf87c_0    bioconda
bzip2                     1.0.8                h7f98852_4    conda-forge
c-ares                    1.18.1               h7f98852_0    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2022.12.7            ha878542_0    conda-forge
certifi                   2021.5.30        py36h5fab9bb_0    conda-forge
curl                      7.87.0               h6312ad2_0    conda-forge
entrez-direct             16.2                 he881be0_1    bioconda
gettext                   0.21.1               h27087fc_0    conda-forge
gsl                       2.7                  he838d99_0    conda-forge
keyutils                  1.6.1                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
krb5                      1.20.1               hf9c8cef_0    conda-forge
ld_impl_linux-64          2.40                 h41732ed_0    conda-forge
libblas                   3.9.0           16_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.9.0           16_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libcurl                   7.87.0               h6312ad2_0    conda-forge
libedit                   3.1.20191231         he28a2e2_2    conda-forge
libev                     4.33                 h516909a_1    conda-forge
libffi                    3.4.2                h7f98852_5    conda-forge
libgcc-ng                 12.2.0              h65d4601_19    conda-forge
libgfortran-ng            12.2.0              h69a702a_19    conda-forge
libgfortran5              12.2.0              h337968e_19    conda-forge
libgomp                   12.2.0              h65d4601_19    conda-forge
libidn2                   2.3.4                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.9.0           16_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libnghttp2                1.51.0               hdcd2b5c_0    conda-forge
libnsl                    2.0.0                h7f98852_0    conda-forge
libopenblas               0.3.21          pthreads_h78a6416_3    conda-forge
libsqlite                 3.40.0               h753d276_0    conda-forge
libssh2                   1.10.0               haa6b8db_3    conda-forge
libstdcxx-ng              12.2.0              h46fd767_19    conda-forge
libunistring              0.9.10               h7f98852_0    conda-forge
libzlib                   1.2.13               h166bdaf_4    conda-forge
ncurses                   6.3                  h27087fc_1    conda-forge
numpy                     1.19.5           py36hfc0c790_2    conda-forge
openssl                   1.1.1s               h0b41bf4_1    conda-forge
pandas                    1.1.5            py36h284efc9_0    conda-forge
pcre                      8.45                 h9c3ff4c_0    conda-forge
perl                      5.32.1          2_h7f98852_perl5    conda-forge
perl-archive-tar          2.40            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-carp                 1.50            pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-common-sense         3.75            pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-compress-raw-bzip2   2.201           pl5321h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
perl-compress-raw-zlib    2.202           pl5321h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
perl-encode               3.19            pl5321h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
perl-exporter             5.74            pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-exporter-tiny        1.002002        pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-extutils-makemaker   7.66            pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-io-compress          2.201           pl5321h87f3376_0    bioconda
perl-io-zlib              1.14            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-json                 4.10            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-json-xs              2.34            pl5321h9f5acd7_5    bioconda
perl-list-moreutils       0.430           pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-list-moreutils-xs    0.430           pl5321hec16e2b_1    bioconda
perl-parent               0.239           pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-pathtools            3.75            pl5321h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
perl-scalar-list-utils    1.63            pl5321h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
perl-storable             3.15            pl5321h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
perl-types-serialiser     1.01            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
pip                       20.0.2                   py36_1    conda-forge
python                    3.6.15          hb7a2778_0_cpython    conda-forge
python-dateutil           2.8.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python_abi                3.6                     2_cp36m    conda-forge
pytz                      2022.7.1           pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
readline                  8.1.2                h0f457ee_0    conda-forge
setuptools                49.6.0           py36h5fab9bb_3    conda-forge
six                       1.16.0             pyh6c4a22f_0    conda-forge
sqlite                    3.40.0               h4ff8645_0    conda-forge
termcolor                 1.1.0                    pypi_0    pypi
tk                        8.6.12               h27826a3_0    conda-forge
wget                      1.20.3               ha56f1ee_1    conda-forge
wheel                     0.34.2                   py36_0    conda-forge
xz                        5.2.6                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
zlib                      1.2.13               h166bdaf_4    conda-forge
